I’m terrified of elevators, i’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Two satellites decided to get married, the wedding wasn’t much, but the reception was incredible.
Can February march? No but April may.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Two guys met in the middle of the desert. One was carrying a car door, the other an umbrella. The one with the car door said to the guy with the umbrella, Why are you carrying that umbrella around, it isn't going to rain in the desert? To which the guy with the umbrella replies, Yeah, but it keeps me out of the sun! By the way, why are you carrying around that car door, you don't even have a car to go with it. The guy with the car door says, yeah, well at least if I get too hot from the sun I can just roll down the window!
How do you make a strawberry shake? Put it in the freezer.
I don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
A drum and a symbol fall off a cliff
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because they aren't bay-gulls!
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
Why didn't the crab share his food? Because crabs are territorial animals, that don't share anything.
Why was the javascript developer sad? Because he didn't Node how to Express himself.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE?!
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
Why is it hard to make puns for kleptomaniacs? They are always taking things literally.
Why do mermaid wear sea-shells? Because b-shells are too small.
I'm a humorless, cold hearted, machine.
Two fish in a tank. One looks to the other and says 'Can you even drive this thing???'
Two fish swim down a river, and hit a wall. One says 'Dam!'
What's funnier than a monkey dancing with an elephant? Two monkeys dancing with an elephant.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef
Two guys walk into a bar. You'd think the second one would have noticed.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
What do you call a chicken crossing the road? Poultry in motion.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer?  He had locomotives.
What do you call a fake noodle?  An impasta.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Why don't seagulls fly in the bay? Because then they'd be bagels.
What do you call a bagel that flies? A plain bagel.
Why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors? Because if it had 4, it would be chicken sedan.
What do you call a fish without eyes? A fsh!
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A Gummy Bear.
Two cows are in a field. One cow says "Moo." The other cow says "Hey I was gonna say that."
What do you call a bear with no ear? A Bee.
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What's red and looks like a bucket? A red bucket. What's blue and looks like a bucket? A red bucket in disguise.
Whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no bell prize.
Why does a hamburger have lower energy than a sirloin? Because it's in the ground state.
What did the physicist do after he knocked the burning candle over? Wick rotation.
Some famous mathematician was to give a keynote speech at a conference. When he was asked for an advance summary, he said he would present a proof of Fermat's Last Theorem -- but they shouldn't announce it. Although when he arrived, he spoke on a much more prosaic topic. Afterwards the conference organizers asked why he said he'd talk about the theorem and then didn't. He replied that this was his standard practice, just in case he was killed on the way to the conference.
Q: What does the "B" in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for? A: Benoit B. Mandelbrot.
What's good anagram of Banach-Tarski? Banach-Tarski Banach-Tarski.
Why did the function cross the road? Because it was defined on both sides and continuous.
I do not believe in the axiom of choice.
Jean-Paul Sartre is sitting at a French cafe, revising his draft of Being and Nothingness. He says to the waitress, "I'd like a cup of coffee, please, with no cream." The waitress replies, "I'm sorry, Monsieur, but we're out of cream. How about with no milk?"
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
I don't get it but I'm stealing this one.
Who does Polyphemus hate more than Odysseus? Nobody!
A physicist, a mathematician and an engineer were each asked to establish the volume of a red rubber ball. The physicist immersed the ball in a beaker full of water and measured the volume of the displaced fluid. The mathematician measured the diameter and calculated a triple integral. The engineer asked if anyone had the Red Rubber Ball Volume Table, he only had Blue and Purple editions.
Pavlov is sitting at a pub enjoying a pint, the phone rings and he jumps up shouting "oh shit, I forgot to feed the dog!"
Did you hear about the jurisprudence fetishist? He got off on technicality...
Standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician.
Werner Heisenberg, Kurt Gödel, and Noam Chomsky walk into a bar. Heisenberg turns to the other two and says, "Clearly this is a joke, but how can we figure out if it's funny or not?" Gödel replies, "We can't know that because we're inside the joke." Chomsky says, "Of course it's funny. You're just telling it wrong."
I'd tell you a UDP joke, but you may not get it.
I prefer IP jokes; it's all in the delivery.
I could tell you a joke about TCP, but I'd have to keep repeating it until you got it.
An Irishman goes to a building site for his first day of work, and a couple of Englishmen think, "Ah, we'll have some fun with him!" So they walk up and say, "Hey, Paddy, as you're new here make sure you know a joist from a girder..." "Ah, sure, I knows" says Paddy, "twas Joyce wrote Ulysses and Goethe wrote Faust."
A physicist, a mathematician and an engineer stay in a hotel. The engineer is awakened by a smell and gets up to check it. He finds a fire in the hallway, sees a nearby fire extinguisher and after extinguishing it, goes back to bed. Later that night, the physicist gets up, again because of the smell of fire. He quickly gets up and sees the fire in the hallway. After calculating air pressure, flame temperature and humidity as well as distance to the fire and projected trajectory, he extinguishes the fire with the least amount of fluid. The mathematician awakens, and finds another fire in the hallway. He looks out the door, then goes back to bed. The house ends up burning down, but the physicist and engineer manages to save the mathematician. When asked why he didn't put out the fire, he says: "I saw the fire, I saw the extinguisher, the solution was trivial."
A man is on his first visit to Boston, and he wants to try some of that delicious New England seafood that he'd long heard about. So he gets into a cab, and asks the driver, "Can you take me to where I can get scrod?" The driver replies, "I've heard that question a thousand time, but never in the pluperfect subjunctive."
Entropy isn't what it used to be. Entropy: Shit breaks. (From a Statics class): Shit don't move. Newton's Third Law: Shit hits back. First Law of Thermodynamics: You can't win. Second Law of Thermodynamics: You can't break even. Third Law of Thermodynamics: You can't stop playing.
A biologist, a chemist, and a statistician are out hunting. The biologist shoots at a deer and misses 5ft to the left, the chemist takes a shot and misses 5ft to the right, the statistician yells "We got 'em!"
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors.
There are two types of people in the world: Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data sets
There are two types of people in the world: Those who crave closure
Two kittens on a sloped roof. Which one slides off first? The one with the lowest mew.
I'm a linguist, so I like ambiguity more than most people.
Did you hear about the man who got cooled to absolute zero? He's 0K now.
A Photon checks into a hotel and the bellhop asks him if he has any luggage. The Photon replies "No I'm traveling light."
A hundred kilopascals go into a bar.
A logician's wife is having a baby. The doctor immediately hands the newborn to the dad. His wife asks impatiently: "So, is it a boy or a girl" ? The logician replies: "yes".
I tried to catch some fog. I mist.
When chemists die, they barium.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
A soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray now a seasoned veteran.
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop anytime he wants.
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian meetup, but I'd never met herbivore.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity, but I just can't put it down.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. It was a play on words.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a type-O.
This dyslexic man walks into a bra.
PMS jokes aren't funny, period.
I didn't like my beard at first, but then it grew on me.
A cross-eyed teacher lost her job because she couldn't control her pupils.
When you get a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me!
Broken pencils are pointless.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
I used to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
All the toilets in London police stations have been stolen. Police say they have nothing to go on.
I took the job at a bakery because I kneaded dough.
Velcro - what a rip off!
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
If you get your electronics wet, leave them out in a bowl of rice overnight. The rice will attract asians who will come and fix your electronics.
I can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. It's true, I saw it with my own eyes!
I am friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he never lands. I like this joke because it never gets old.
Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, you're in big trouble. I'm gonna hunt you down, you have my Word.
When people say they sleep like a log, it confuses me. Logs don't sleep, they sLumber.
My roommate just said, "Your obsession with cats is totally out of control, so I've packed your bags." I think they're kicking meeeowt.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What did the pig say when he was suntanning in the desert? I'm bacon out here.
Caltech was the best. The academic clubs, the dorms, the guys, the girl.
I'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers.
I was going to not put up a pun for a while... but then I realized 7 days without puns makes one weak.
Men are like lava lamps. Fun to look at, but not too bright.
How many honest, intelligent, caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes? Both of them.
Why don’t women blink during foreplay? They don’t have time.
How did Pinocchio find out he was made of wood? His hand caught fire.
What did God say after creating man? I can do so much better.
What do you call a man with half a brain? Gifted.
Those who jump off a bridge in Paris are in Seine.
A backward poet writes inverse.
A man's home is his castle, in a manor of speaking.
Dijon vu: the same mustard as before.
Dancing cheek-to-cheek is really a form of floor play.
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Reading while sunbathing makes you well red.
When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two tired.
What's the definition of a will? It's a dead giveaway.
She was engaged to a boyfriend with a wooden leg but broke it off.
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
If you don't pay your exorcist, you get repossessed.
With her marriage, she got a new name and a dress.
When a clock is hungry, it goes back four seconds.
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered.
You feel stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.
He broke into song because he couldn't find the key.
Every calendar's days are numbered.
A lot of money is tainted - It taint yours and it taint mine.
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
A plateau is a high form of flattery.
Once you've seen one huge shopping center, you've seen a mall.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead-to-know basis.
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Some of the gouda cheesy jokes are just brie-liant. These puns are killing you? I'm such a meunster!
"I see," said the blind carpenter, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
Did you hear about the guy who was dangling a rope down from the highway overpass?! The rope got caught on a truck and the guy's arm came right off. The truck driver was charged with armed robbery.
I can see a boat, canoe?
Do you know how many people are dead in that cemetery? All of them.
Why do they put fences around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in.
Don't drop that cabbage - otherwise, heads will roll!
What's black and white and eats like a horse? A zebra.
When Satan starts going bald there's going to be Hell toupee.
A German walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender says "dry?" The German replies "Nein, just one."
Julius Caesar walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus." The bartender says "Don't you mean martini?" Caesar replies "Damn it, if I wanted a double I'd ask for it."
The farmer was counting his cows when they were all out grazing in the field. He counted 196, but when he rounded them up he had 200.
Two parrots standing on a perch, one says to the other "Can you smell fish?"
Is it solipsistic in here or is it just me?
A programmer heads out to the store. His wife says, "while you're out, get some milk." He never came home.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
Why do elephants paint their toenails red? So they can hide in cherry trees. Have you ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree? No? Then it works.
How do you fit an elephant into a Safeway bag? You take the 's' out of 'safe' and the 'f' out of 'way'.
What's the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom? A pickpocket snatches watches.
A gorgeous blonde walks up to the barman and orders a Double Entendre, so he gives it to her.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't really know, but the flag is a big plus.
A friend of mine asked me, "If you could have any super power in the world, what would it be?" I said, "cold war Russia."
Birthday parties get shorter the older you get. My 62nd birthday party was only one minute long.
Q. Three men are in a boat. They have four cigarettes with them, but no match. How do they smoke? A. They toss one overboard, to make the boat a cigarette lighter.
I was walking through the cemetery and saw a guy crouching behind a tombstone. I said, "Morning...". He said, "No. Taking a shit."
I was in a nightclub the other day and a guy started having an epileptic fit. Everyone was just stood there saying "look, he's having a fit". I said "why don't you take a picture, it'll last longer".
There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand binary, those who don't and those who don't expect a joke in base three.
Traveling salesman always wanted to go to Boston so he could eat fresh scrod. Finally he gets sent there, so when he gets in the cab at Logan, he asks the cabbie "Do you know where a guy can get scrod around here?"
If I were gneiss would you take me for granite?
There are two types of people, those who extrapolate from incomplete data sets.
There was a prison break and I saw a midget climb up the fence, and as he jumped down he sneered at me and I thought, well that's a little condescending.
Fruit picking makes for a great outing. Especially if they're dates.
The best way to quit being vegan is cold turkey.
I'm inventing a new glue and naming it James Bond. It's a chemical Agent. Don't sniff it though, it has incense to kill.
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? You can tune a piano, but you can't piano a tuna. "What about the glue?" I knew you'd get stuck there.
What if "soy milk" is just regular milk introducing itself in Spanish?
I'd give my left arm to be ambidextrous.
Why did Ariel wear seashells? Because she outgrew her B-shells.
The secret to enjoying a good wine: open the bottle and let it breathe. If it doesn't look like it's breathing, give it mouth-to-mouth.
Spring is here. I'm so excited, I wet my plants.
Does anyone want a .rar file of the WinRar installer?
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. And then it becomes a soap opera. You might just become a soaprano.
The secret to enjoying a good wine: open the bottle and let it breathe. If it doesn't look like it's breathing, give it mouth-to-mouth.
How do you catch a unique cat? unique up on it
